# [Harvest Festival](https://www.codewars.com/kata/harvest-festival "https://www.codewars.com/kata/606efc6a9409580033837dfb")

You have cultivated a plant, and after months of hard work, the time has come to reap the flowers of your hard work. When it was growing, you added water and fertilizer and kept a constant temperature. It's time to check how much your plant has grown.

A plant is represented horizontally, from the base to the left, to the end to the right:

```
---@---@---@
```

The stem is represented by hyphens `-`, and the flowers are represented by symbols. A plant always starts with the stem, and always ends with flowers.

Four parameters will be given. The four parameters are:

+ `seed` (string) - _determines the type of flowers generated by the plant._
+ `water` (integer) - _each unit of water extends the portion of stem between the flowers. It also gives how many times the stems + flower clusters should be repeated_
+ `fert` (integer) - _each unit of fertilizer increases the amount of flowers, grouped in clusters_
+ `temp` (integer) - _if the temperature given is in the range of 20째C and 30째C, the plant grows normally, otherwise, all the flowers die except for one flower at the end of the stem._

Given the above parameters, your task is to return a string representing the plant.

## Examples

```
plant("@", 3, 3, 25) => "---@@@---@@@---@@@"
# Water gives the length of the stem portions between flowers
# Water also gives the total number of segments(number of times flowers + stems should be repeated)
# Fertilizer gives the length of the flower clusters.
# Temperature is in the range of 20째C and 30째C

plant("$", 4, 2, 30) => "----$$----$$----$$----$$"

plant("&", 1, 5, 20) => "-&&&&&"

plant("^", 3, 3, 35) => "---------^"
# The temperature is not in the correct range, so all flowers die, except the last one at the end.
# The stem is not affected by the temperature
```

## Notes

+ Edge conditions will not be tested, meaning parameters of water or fertilizer or temperature being zero. This will not be tested. The parameters will always be valid (no zero).
+ The temperature bounds are inclusive (20 and 30 will be included as 21, 22, 23, 24...)